                                                                                                                                                			                     ALLOCATE HOUSES

       Primary actors: 
•	Faculty Members
•	Estate Office
       Use case description:
                                     In his process houses will be allocated to the faculty members on the basis of seniority. They will mail to estate office to show interest for getting house.
       Stack holders and interests:     
•	Faculty Member: 
                                                                            They are the ones who would mail to the estate office, so that house would be allocated to them. 
•	Estate Office : 
                                                                       The estate office administration facilitate the requests and applies constraints to ensure valid request and person on basis of seniority. 
                                                                       It will also carry out the whole process necessary to allocate house.                     
                                                                        
   Preconditions:
                                  Faculty members must mail and show interest to get a house.

      Postconditions:
                              The house is allocated to faculty member. 
     Main success scenario:
1.	The Faculty Member mails to estate office.
2.	The estate office administration verifies the person and request.
3.	The estate office administration manages requests according to vacancies available.
4.	The estate office administration allocates the house to faculty members.

Alternate scenarios:
•	The faculty member may mail again to cancel the previous request. The estate office administration then will exclude that specific request.
•	The estate office administration may find the person is not eligible to request a house (Junior staff).
•	The estate office administration has not enough vacancies to facilitate all requests.





                                        



          

