                                                                                                 MAINTAIN HOUSES

Primary actors: Faculty member

Use case description:
This process makes it easy for faculty members to get help with maintenance 
issues in their homes. They will just submit a request and the estate office system will send it to
maintenance department. And will make sure the request is fulfilled by constantly reminding it to
maintenance department. 

Stack holders and interests:                                             
•	Faculty Member: They are the ones who submit maintenance request and wants their request to be fulfilled on time.
•	Estate Office System: This system categorizes the requests and remind the maintenance department about the request 
      that needs to be done till it is fulfilled ensuring no requests remain unfulfilled. 
•	Maintenance Department: The team that actually does the work, resolving issues as they’re requested.

Preconditions:
Faculty members must have a house assigned to them to make a maintenance request.

Postconditions:
The request of the faculty is fulfilled by maintenance department and is reported to estate office. 

Main success scenario:
1.	The Faculty Member submits a Request.
2.	The system assigns a unique ID to the request and categorizes the issue (like plumbing, electrical, network etc).
3.	The estate office system assigns request as “unfulfilled”.
4.	The System then notifies the maintenance department with the details along with the type and priority of the request.
5.	The maintenance team member responsible gets assigned to solve it.
6.	 Maintenance Team Fixes the Problem.
7.	The maintenance department report to estate office about the issue, then estate office update the request status to “fulfilled” 
             in the system once the work is done.

Alternate scenarios:
•	The faculty member may cancel the request. The system will then marked it as cancelled and inform the maintenance department.
•	If the maintenance team has questions regarding the request. The system then reaches to the faculty member to get clarification 
and asks the faculty to update the request accordingly.

Frequency of occurrence:
The frequency of occurrence maybe daily, weekly, monthly or in rare case annually depending on the circumstances faced by faculty members. 

